Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
About five tons of meteorites
fall on our planet every day.
- Seriously? Every day?
- I'm telling you. Five tons.
Daily. Luckily none of them...
Oh my. where do they
always come from?
Dad. look here.
- What's happened?
- I lost a tooth.
Come on. I'll save it.
New glass.
That's just to see it in
all its glory. you need.
I think. climb higher. on a
hill somewhere. for example.
Dad. we'll go to Krestovaya...
Yegorka. where you had a tooth.
plug the hole with your tongue.
Dad. are we going to Krestovaya
Sopka to watch the meteor shower?
Let's go. let's go. Buckle back.
Do you. Sveta. have any
nail polish without color?
For what?
And so that the crack does not spread. you
must immediately drip varnish. Lifehack.
In the official media. neither the
asteroid itself nor the meteor shower
poses no danger to the earth.
- This is bad.
- Why?
'Cause when they
say there's no danger
which means it's
definitely hitting us right.
To shoot. A joke.
Well. I can say one thing to
all residents of Vladivostok:
The star shower
will pass in 24 hours.
Don't forget to make a wish.
Lera. don't be late for
your brother's birthday.
I remember.
Good luck champ.
Arabova.
Can you go even slower?
So. girls. let's get started.
Released for health reasons
can take seats
in the auditorium.
Terentyev. concerns you.
Finally.
Arabova. are you crazy?
Aren't you cold?
Got up for the start.
Get ready.
Come on. come on. come on.
Let's go!
Zubkova. stop.
Hold the pace.
Let's go. Well done.
Let's go!
Run. don't turn around.
Arabova. wow!
Dashi. Dashi.
I told you. she's crazy.
Well. take it away quickly
and march from the field.
So this is a joke.
Early. I asked you - after the toast.
They will burn. you need to think.
- Well. will you bear another toast?
- No. - Thank you.
What I want to say.
For a year now. I have been a
doubly happy person. And all why?
Because I used to
have one child - Yegor.
and after Svetlana and I got
married. we had two of them.
Yegor and Valeria.
But we decided that happiness
does not happen much.
and soon we will
have a third with Sveta.
And today I want to drink
for my son's 8th birthday.
- Yegorka. be healthy.
- Thank you.
- Hooray! - Happy birthday!
- Happy birthday. Hooray!
Pie!
- Grow big.
- Happy Birthday to You.
Happy Birthday to You.
Happy birthday. Yegorka.
Mom. where did she go?
- All right. okay. I'll be right there.
- Yeah.
Happy birthday.
What can you say? Puberty.
Lera?
Lera. stop.
Lera.
What am I after
you. should I run?
What's going on?
Can you at least act normal
at your brother's birthday party?
Mom. he's not my brother.
Well. of course. a brother is not
a brother. a father is not a father.
Am I still a mother?
Your phone is ringing.
Just yours father
is not a father.
Arabov. you're not
on time right now.
Hello. listen. I wanted
to talk about Lera.
About what Lera? And. about
Lera. who is your daughter?
Ha-ha.
In short. she seems to
have an aggravation again.
Today at the stadium
some kind of fire was lit.
she saw and could not
even stand on her feet.
- Did you see it?
- Yeah.
I think something
needs to be done
until the real problems started.
And. Sveta.
We have a girl
with special needs.
Valera. shut up.
Oh. I'm just a
problem for you. right?
- Lera.
- A girl with special needs.
- Lera. that's not what he meant to say.
- Lera.
Was it hard for you to
tell that she was there?
I could have seen it myself.
Lera.
Get hurt.
Flight engineer Arabov.
you have a rapid heartbeat.
Mira. give us ours.
I suggest doing a
three-minute breathing exercise.
I'll manage.
Fine. I turn on the
track marked 'ours'.
Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa.
Mira. deactivate
the search engine.
Delete the data of
the last two sessions.
And reset the clusters
with video files.
I do.
Arabov flight engineer.
Must be reminded that
abuse of station equipment
for unauthorized connection
to city video monitoring systems
is a violation of the
law on personal data
dated July 27. 2006.
Where are you.
And threatens with
administrative responsibility.
You're kind of an
accomplice. right?
The question is not clear.
Fuck it. Mira. It was
a rhetorical question.
I have no way to distinguish
between questions of this type.
In six years of working in a team. I
could have learned at least something.
While working with you
my vocabulary of profanity
has increased significantly.
By the way. artificial intelligence
cannot be held accountable by law.
Very comfortably.
Composition search system.
I do.
Listen.
There. where they
did not wait. there...
Arabov flight engineer.
You'll be expected in the
command bay in six minutes.
To her.
To where they forgot.
Nowhere. nowhere.
Valera.
I asked you!
Okay. look how hungry.
So they have dinner
in half an hour only.
Sorry.
Bon appetit.
- Check the ventilation too.
- Wow.
Hello. Peter Sergeich.
And I to you.
Hi Valera.
So. how was the test?
Testing went well.
The system is normal.
Did you connect to the cameras
at the stadium as part of the testing?
What. for the daughter. Valera?
Peter Sergeevich.
Well. I cleaned everything up.
Valera. If you cleaned
up from our side.
then you will not hide the
incoming traffic to the station.
I understand.
Six years in orbit.
you miss your family.
But you're not only
setting yourself up.
How about tomorrow...
Don't. Valera.
There are no fools there.
We do not officially
have this equipment.
We. over there. are
engaged in butterflies.
Do you understand that you
are bringing us all to the tribunal?
And they are waiting
for you at home.
And not in handcuffs.
I am not expected at home.
I'm sorry. Peter Sergeevich.
Will not happen again.
Commander Antonov. the mission
control center is calling for you.
And. no. in this sense the
forecast has not changed.
The asteroid will pass over the
Pacific region tomorrow at 8:19 am.
It will be followed by
a cluster of fragments.
They don't pose
a threat. do they?
The asteroid does
not exactly represent
and fragments. according
to our sensors. too.
- But this is the case if...
- Peter Sergeevich. Valera. greetings.
- How is the situation there?
- Hello.
Everything is normal.
Alexey Lvovich.
Yes. we are approaching
the cluster. we will track it.
The trajectory is not oncoming.
so there is room for maneuver.
Yes. but only if our
sensors are correct.
Antonov. explain.
Explain. Genna.
Um. you see. the asteroid
is most likely complex.
And some of his rocks
may not be analyzed by our
equipment. and theoretically
move along another trajectory.
What does 'theoretically'
mean? What are the numbers?
Yes. the numbers are
the same as yours. but...
See for yourself.
The cluster looks atypical. See?
Assuming the sensors
are wrong. here.
then the fragments will move
along a different trajectory.
not calculated. you understand?
And they pass just
over the Pacific region.
Gene. in short.
Get to the point.
Briefly speaking.
I propose to evacuate
Primorsky Krai.
Well. the Khabarovsk Territory.
Well. the Magadan region.
Just in case.
Commander Antonov.
How much time do you need
to give a clear intelligible answer
about the composition of the cluster.
It is impossible to give a clear
answer now. you need to come closer.
Alexey Lvovich. we will give a
clear answer in the near future.
What is the probability
that this cluster is
from this unknown substance?
Eh. the probability is minimal.
How minimal?
Well. let's just
say it's negligible.
- I mean. it doesn't exist.
- Not really. - Well. that's good.
Well. in theory it is.
Listen. is there a chance
that the earth. theoretically.
can get out of orbit someday?
- Well. theoretically it is.
- Didn't understand.
So sure. there is.
Well. maybe we'll start
evacuating the Earth right now?
What to trifle?
We're leaving. we're
leaving. we're leaving.
Cleaner times will come.
Beats native in ecstasy blazing.
Vladivostok 2000.
With a grenade in my pocket.
with a check in my hand.
The seagulls here sang to
me in a familiar language.
Hello. Arabova. Will you?
Are you following me?
Why? Just walked
by. So will you?
As you want.
Listen. what happened
at the stadium today?
- There was nothing.
- Ah. Why didn't you run?
She did not want.
I just thought. you never
know. because of me.
You are some kind
of wild. Arabova.
By the way. check it out.
Yes. my.
This wise firmware is buggy.
You live brightly.
Like this comet.
Love. fly high.
And then you can't see all
this beauty from the Earth.
Exactly. There is
one place. let's go.
Let's go. Arabova.
Well. how?
- Typically.
- Yes.
And count up. tomorrow the
real end of the world will be?
No. it won't.
Why?
I would have been warned.
- Lera. you?
- Yes.
Why so late?
Me tomorrow to the second.
I fried cutlets here. will you?
No.
Yegor.
Well. we agreed that
you do not go to my half.
Sorry.
You just left.
So. are you and Boris
going to the hill tomorrow?
No. dad was called to
work. and I'll go to school.
Mm. don't be upset.
What about desire?
Mm. fairy tales are all.
How many times have you tried...
Mm. it doesn't work.
That's right. it's because
you didn't have time to guess.
In terms of?
Oh. Well. the star
is falling fast. right?
Well.
And according to the rules. you
need to make a wish while it flies.
And it's almost impossible.
So I wanted to go
tomorrow and shoot a video.
then guess as much as you want.
I would let you guess too.
Great plan.
Go and take it off tomorrow.
You won't be able to
see anything from the city.
Will you be there.
where are the clouds?
Come here.
Can?
Well. come on in quickly.
Hold on.
- Do you see the abandoned building?
- Yeah.
That's where I was today.
There is no security. but
there is a hole in the fence.
You can get in there and shoot.
From there you can see everything.
- Class.
- Yeah.
- But I didn't tell you anything.
- Yes.
- That's it. throw yourself in your half.
- Yeah.
Benefit #23.
Let's say you're thirsty. We
find an ordinary Vladivostok birch.
I'll give you an orange.
And actually squeeze
it into your mouth.
Will you be there.
where are the clouds?
Uh-huh. and even higher.
- Don't go higher.
- Why?
Because then I don't need
binoculars. but a telescope.
And who are you so smart about?
- Well. then give the gift back.
- No. I won't.
- Give it back.
- My.
Lera. give it back.
I'll catch up right now.
When watching this video
your pulse evens out and
your heart rate slows down.
I advise you to regularly repeat
viewing for preventive purposes.
Mira. you say that
like I'm chronically ill.
Not at all. For an aging organism.
you are in very good shape.
Your compliments
really warm my heart.
Overheating of the heart muscle
is a direct path to a heart attack.
So.
All.
Go to sleep.
Hello Vladivostok. Good morning
everyone. today is Monday.
It would seem. yes. an
ordinary Monday. but not quite.
Soon. very soon. the inhabitants
of Primorye will be able to observe
a unique event in its beauty:
A giant asteroid that came to
us from the constellation Cetus.
fly in close
proximity to the earth
exactly 45 minutes later.
Don't miss this unique event.
Deviation from the
calculated trajectory?
No deviation from the
calculated trajectory is observed.
Great. All ground
services are on high alert.
Looking forward to
making eye contact.
Valera. shift the focal
length on the third line.
Ready. I'm
switching to infrared.
What's in a spectrograph?
The spectrograph is in
perfect order. Excellent read.
The object is approaching
the exosphere. At the
point of perihelion in
42 minutes 50 seconds.
So. at exactly 8:19
a.m.. a giant asteroid
fly at the minimum
distance from our planet.
Then it will begin to move
away into the depths of space.
Friends. if you have
weather dependence.
then today you will most
likely be a little stormy.
Only a few minutes
left to see this miracle.
An asteroid of this size
flies so close to Earth
once. well. maybe in 50 years.
Tonight. all observatories in the
east of Russia confirmed the approach
asteroid with earth.
The diameter of the asteroid
is more than half a kilometer.
It will go around our
planet in an elongated orbit.
and does not pose
a threat to the Earth.
Come on five. thug.
- Have a nice day. Yegorka.
- Thank you.
Guys. be careful.
You should have
gone with him anyway.
He would skip school
for one day. and what?
Sveta. what skipped?
Beginning of the academic year.
We will shoot these
stars of his another time.
The object has passed the perihelion
point and is moving away from the Earth.
Well. shall we say
goodbye to our rock star?
All well done. Congratulations.
We continue to
work. Nobody relaxes.
And welcome to
the support group.
Valera. 14 sector
enlarged. please.
Bring it to the main screen.
Gene. what is it?
Valera. reduce the
brightness by two steps.
Don't understand
what's the matter?
Why does the cluster
cross the moon
from this side?
Because it's wider
than we thought.
Much.
Valera.
adjust the diameter of the asteroid
group according to new data.
Mira. analysis.
According to corrected data
an asteroid group cluster
crosses the station's trajectory.
I recommend urgently
start an evasive maneuver.
What's happening?
Ryabinin. what's going on?
Antonov. report back.
Time of cluster
approach to the station?
Arrival time 7
minutes 35 seconds.
- All in places. prepare for a maneuver.
- Yes.
- Fold down the solar panel.
- We won't make it.
- Shunting engines to the fullest.
- Yes.
- Must be in time.
The station is too heavy.
And if you undock
the transport module?
Take action.
Mira. the area where the
fragments fell and the area affected?
The affected area includes
Australia. the New Zealand archipelago.
Okenawa Island.
Primorsky Territory.
- South Korea...
- More about the Far East.
I display the data
on the screen.
Mira. call Lera.
Call by all means.
Arabov. are you quite already?
Lera. look out the window.
What?
Look out the window.
What is this?
Begi.
Prepare for a collision.
- Run!
- Nastya!
Lera. Lera. what is it?
Run. run. No need for an elevator.
No need for the elevator. no need.
From the road.
Go away.
Be careful. I say.
From the road.
Lucy. wait.
Leave me alone.
Please help me.
Let's go. Let's
go. please. Help.
Here.
Mam.
I'm scared.
Look away.
Come on. get it fast.
- Why didn't you answer the messages?
- What? - Give me your hand.
Back. back. back.
Arabova. listen.
No matter what happens.
we must stick together.
Together. Understood?
Get off.
Misha? Misha?
Oh. Tanya. what
to do. how am I? I...
- Let's go and see.
- Right now.
Girl? I think it's breathing.
Gotta get in the car.
Wait. Where do we take it? I
can't lift more than two kilos.
- Young man. Young man. come here.
- Help us.
- Raise for God's sake.
- The girl in the car.
Help. for God's
sake. in the car.
Hold it. yeah Come on. come on.
Let's go. Here.
Come on. Yeah. Yeah.
Like this. Yeah. Well.
everything. Thank you.
Thank you. Yeah.
Let's go. Musya. Musya. come on.
Come on. save me.
Save the girl. come on.
He's chasing us!
Close your eyes if
you're scared. okay?
I can't see anything
without my glasses.
They are on you. Tanya. Lord.
God sent his wife. didn't he?
This is for up close. And
for the distance where?
Why are you always
taking my glasses. Roma?
Like what. immediately Roma.
After all. she will shove it
somewhere. but Roma is to blame.
- Yes.
- 'Roma'.
I found them last time in the refrigerator.
that's what they were doing there?
Who are you?
A. Revived. God bless.
Oh. Thank you for our cat
Musya. she is a medical cat.
Because she tramples like that. tramples.
and everything passes. Tell me Roma.
Hold on. ah-ah.
Musya. Musya. Where is my cat?
- Where is a cat?
- Calm down Tanya. calm down.
Come here.
- What's going on. Roma.
- Everything. calm down. Tanya. calm down.
- Everything will be OK.
- Very scary. Roma.
- Everyone. calm down. Tanya.
- Oh. Roma. - What? - Roma-ah!
Take it easy. Take
it easy. Take it easy.
Don't panic. calm down.
Carefully!
Crap. Get out. get out
of the car. Get out quickly.
Come out.
Tanya. Tanya.
- Musya.
- Leave Musya. Leave Musa.
Please leave.
I have to. I have to.
Higher. higher.
Lera.
Lera. wait.
Wait. I won't let you alone.
Lera.
What's happened?
Lera?
Mira.
Mira. what's going on?
The station left the territory
of the meteorite cluster.
receiving multiple injuries.
Local life support is installed
in the engineering compartment.
What about the rest
of the compartments?
Are there any wounded?
The remaining compartments
of the station are depressurized.
One crew member survived.
Who?
You. flight engineer Arabov.
I am transmitting a
protocol on the state of the
station and the crew to
the mission control center.
What's on Earth?
What's up with Lera?
I start collecting information
from available sources.
Mira. reset the center console.
Turn on emergency lighting.
A short report on the consequences of
the fall of meteorites on Earth is ready.
The total coverage area was more
than 16 million square kilometers.
and stretched from
Australia to the Far East.
The entire coastal
area of China.
most of Japan
and the island of the
New Zealand archipelago
suffered from the waves formed
as a result of falling meteorites.
Vladivostok.
Significant destruction
is observed in the city.
But rescue work is underway.
Forces of the Ministry of Emergency
Situations and the Russian Guard.
Evacuation to Russky
Island is underway.
A temporary hospital has
been set up on campus.
What is known about my family?
Svetlana's mobile device
fixed on the territory
of a temporary hospital
and is in good condition.
What's up with Lera?
Flight Engineer Arabov.
Mission Control is calling for you.
Yes.
CCC is in touch.
- Valera. target?
- Yes. a goal.
Fine. In general.
without further ado.
The station can't be saved.
So start preparing for the
evacuation without delay.
- How did you understand?
- Yes. I understand.
And further. In
current situation
we can use the
station's energy reserves
to communicate with the earth.
Therefore. we are handing over
the entire evacuation program to Mira.
Valera. you have one task:
Just listen to her. that's all.
Understood.
I'm getting ready to evacuate.
That's it. end of connection.
Mira. how much time do we have?
The station will enter the
dense layers of the atmosphere
after 3 hours 14
minutes 15 seconds.
Mira. the state of
the search system?
- The search system is functioning.
- Yeah.
Activate the system.
Send her to Vladivostok.
Determine the last
locations of Lera's phone.
Check the bases of the
cameras with facial recognition.
I must warn you that the
use of the search engine
will lead to accelerated
discharge of the
backup batteries of the
engineering compartment.
Don't care.
Find her. Mira.
Find her.
Dad! Dad help me dad. Dad!
- Dad!
- Lera!
You can't get into
the elevator alone.
Dad. save me. please. I
won't do this again. I'm scared.
Open the door. please.
Everything is fine.
Listen. everything is fine.
Now.
So. let's better
sing our space song.
Come on. I'm starting.
I don't know yet
why am I flying...
No. no. no. Lera. it won't work
like that. You have to sing beautifully.
With expression. Let's go. Let's go.
Where they loved
To where they forgot.
There. where they did not wait.
There. nowhere.
Lera. can you hear me?
Welcome. Lera.
Lera. reception Lera.
Lera. can you hear me?
Do you hear me. Lera?
Dad.
Thank God you're alive.
Dad. Where are you?
I'll explain everything to you.
daughter. But first you must
see me.
What?
Mira has detected
your phone signal.
But it is broken. it is not
suitable for communication.
So I connected
to another device.
It is next to you.
Are you whole?
Can you move? Can you?
Yes. I can.
Just reach out.
Yes. Good girl. Good girl.
Well done. I already see you.
More. here. here.
stretch. stretch.
Come on. come
on. come on. stretch.
You found me.
Hello.
Toy?
Toy. yes.
Yes. it's a baby monitor.
She has a built-in
camera and microphone inside.
Dad. can you see me?
To her.
Well hello daughter.
What. there soon?
Where's mom?
Mom is all right. They are
with Boris on the island.
There is almost no destruction.
And Yegor? What's
up with Yegor. dad?
I don't have any
information on it yet.
- Maybe he got home?
- Lera.
the city was badly damaged.
Ours your house is no more.
How. how did you
let this happen. dad?
You should have done
something up there. dad.
- Should have done something. dad.
- Calm down.
Listen to me carefully.
You miraculously survived. baby.
Now you have to get out.
Mira is already scanning
the building from the outside.
I need you to inspect the blockage
from the inside. understand?
I will match the signals
and find the
thinnest place. got it?
Understood.
Mira. connect to
the video stream.
We start scanning the inner
zone of the selected area.
What should you do. dad?
Get up.
Attention. fire alarm.
Alma. well done. Alma.
Take the dog away.
Found alive.
North wing. toy store.
Do you see me?
Give me your hand.
Quietly come on. Carefully.
We rise.
Everything. can you go?
Yes. we're leaving.
- Can you hear me?
- I hear.
- Carefully. What is your name?
- Lera.
Lera. does it hurt somewhere? Lera.
does it hurt somewhere. does it hurt?
No. it's all right.
Look. over there on the embankment
near the bridge they set up a camp.
You're going there right
now. okay? From there.
everyone will be
evacuated by helicopters.
Come on. go. Go there. You can't
stay here. Lera. Go from here. go there.
Hello. help us find our children.
Valeria Arabova. 15 years old.
Yegor Basov. 8 years
old. please take a look.
School number. class?
139th gymnasium. 2A.
I beg you. look.
Hello Arabov.
Yes. Sveta. it's me.
- You're okay.
- Yes. I'm fine. What about Lera?
- Where is she. do you know?
- I know. Now I will connect you.
Lera. Mom is in touch.
Lera? Lera?
Mother?
- Lord. thank God.
- Mom. I'm fine. Everything is fine.
- How are you there?
- We are in the university library.
The hospital is set up here.
Listen. there's a broken bridge.
I can't come for you. I'm sorry.
Mom. mom. mom. stop it.
Everything is fine. Arabov helps me.
Where is Yegor?
This is Lera. she's all right.
Yegor is fine too. They are now
being brought here by the whole school.
Lera. you heard
that Yegor is all right.
please. I beg you.
Now listen to your father
and let's quickly come to us.
Mom. is Yegor
definitely on the list?
I do not know. They
don't have lists of names.
We will clarify now. but. they said.
they are taking the whole school.
Arabov. are you there?
Listen to me carefully.
it's all up to you now.
Promise me you'll get her
here safe and sound. Promise?
Yes. Sveta. I promise.
I won't take my eyes off it.
That's it. end of
connection. Save batteries.
Pap.
Yes. Lera. They set up camp right
on the embankment near the bridge.
- You must go there now...
- He's not there.
Didn't understand.
Yegor wasn't at school today.
He went to shoot
a meteor shower.
What are you talking
about. where did he go?
There.
Mira. detailed
analysis of the building.
Lera. how do you
know he's there?
I... I sent him there myself.
The condition of this
object is assessed as critical.
87% chance of collapse.
Crap.
So. You go to the
camp. and I'll figure it out.
Mira will scan the building
to see if Yegor is there or not.
And then I will tell his exact
coordinates to the rescuers.
Agreed. Lera?
- Where did you go? There is no one there.
- Lera.
Don't go there. I said.
It's dangerous there.
Lera.
Girl. where are you?
Camp on the other side.
Lera.
Your own mother. Mira. what's
with the connection? Call Lera.
The search system
is deactivated.
The station has been placed
in hibernation mode.
Mira. in more detail.
what happened?
The supply of
rechargeable batteries in the
station's engineering
compartment has been exhausted.
Flight engineer Arabov.
the station will reach the
dense layers of the atmosphere
after 2 hours 22 minutes.
You need to
evacuate immediately.
Mira. show me the locations
of the backup batteries.
Great. Connect to the
batteries in the lab bay.
- Connection is not possible.
- Reason?
Rupture of electrical connection
between compartments.
But electrical communication
can be restored.
You just have to
fly to the other side.
In the current situation.
spacewalks are highly undesirable.
Please proceed
to the escape pod.
Mira. do you understand
Russian or not?
Prepare for a spacewalk.
Yegor?
Flight engineer Arabov.
you asked me a question.
Do I understand
Russian? So here it is
I understand Russian. as well as
147 other languages and dialects.
It was a rhetorical
question again. Mira.
When will you finally learn?
Yegor?
Lera!
Yegor. I am here.
Mira. distance to the lab bay?
Distance 18 meters.
So that should be enough.
I confirm that the cable length
corresponds to the calculated distance.
You see now. little is left.
Attention. danger of
damage to the suit.
I see.
Nothing. we'll do it.
Breakthrough of the
lower shell of the suit
will lead to a violation of heat
exchange and leakage of oxygen.
Mira. shut up already.
Lera.
- Lera! - Yegor?
- I'm here.
I am here.
Lera. There are no
stairs. I can't get down.
Yes. I am here.
Lera. get me out.
I am here.
Mira. why don't we
have enough cable?
Calculation of cable length and
distance of connection points is correct.
No. not faithful.
Now I will catch you.
Jump. just jump. okay?
Yes. Fine. I am here.
- Come on. Yegor.
- I am here. I am here.
I must warn you
that forceful influence
may damage the cable.
- I'll catch you. do you hear?
- Yes. - Fine.
Jump. Come on. come on. jump.
We have no other choice.
Yegor.
- How are you?
- My second tooth fell out.
What?
We made it.
Was it a rhetorical question?
Well. you have character. Mira.
Activate the search engine.
Locate Lera.
The search system is activated.
The location has been set.
- An object inside a building.
- What?
So. get me in touch with her
right away. I'm coming back.
Carefully.
The connection has
been established.
- Lera. Lera?
- Arabov. Arabov. where have you been?
Why don't you listen to me. huh?
I told you to go to camp.
You cannot be in this building.
- I found him? - Did you find it?
- I found Yegor.
Oh my God. Well done.
I don't understand how to get out of
here. Do you hear? Will you help us?
Lera. hide somewhere.
Give me 20 seconds.
Let's go.
Back.
Here. Here.
Welcome back.
Flight Engineer Arabov.
Mira. lay out a route
for them. taking into
account the stability
of the building structure.
I am collecting information.
Lera. Look at the
plates. Watch for cracks.
Mira is already
looking for a way out.
Is this a bear talking to us?
It was Arabov who connected to
him. He can connect to everything.
Will he help us?
Of course he will
help. Of course.
- Lera. Lera.
- Yes.
You need to run
deep into the building.
There is a break from a meteorite.
This is the only way down.
Understood. I know
where this place is.
Here. Come on. come on.
Yes.
Let's go.
Lera. you are already close.
Wait. wait.
Yes. it's here. Get down.
Ler. I'm not going there.
So. Don't look down.
Look at me. Look at me.
Look at me. So. So.
I'll think of something right
now. Something will think.
- Something will think.
- Lera. what's the matter. Get down faster.
So. So. We will play
a game with you now.
Shall we play a game?
Let's play monkey. Fine?
Yes.
Fine. You sit on my
back and hold on tight
like a school backpack.
got it? Hold on tight. Let's go.
Attention. danger.
- Wait!
- Went.
Back! Back! Wait. Lera!
Lera!
Mira.
Mira. what happened?
Communication with the
device has been interrupted.
How? Do you see them?
Do you see anything. Mira?
What is happening there?
The stability of the
building is broken.
The probability
of collapse is 97%.
Mira.
Can you do something?
I can prepare an escape
pod for you to evacuate.
Immediately after the
pressure level has stabilized.
Try to relax. I turn on the
video marked as sedative.
Will you be there.
where are the clouds?
And even higher.
No need higher.
Turn off! Turn it all off!
Fine. To save energy.
I will turn off for a while
all unused
electrical appliances.
- No. No. No.
- To equalize the pressure level
- 7 more minutes 40 seconds are needed.
- No.
Let's go.
- Listen to me. Hold on.
- I'm holding on.
Hold on.
Lera. we already have
a little bit left. Not much.
Well done. Well done.
No. Lera. I'll jump.
Here is your bear.
Here. Hold on.
Come on. come on. come on.
Here.
So. come on.
Go. go.
Let's go!
Let's go.
Come on. Yegor!
Come on. come on.
How are you I could not.
What couldn't?
Shooting star could not be removed.
She fell right on me. I was scared.
Now the wish will not work.
Oh. how puffy your cheek is.
Don't be afraid.
it will pass soon.
And the stars
no one forbids
you to make wishes.
You just don't have to wait
for some star to perform it.
You see what happens when
the stars fall from the sky.
Did you believe in miracles
when you were little?
I was eight years
old then. just like you.
We just moved into a new house.
Mom went to the store
we are with Arabov
things from the street
lifted up in an elevator.
I fooled around and
got stuck in an elevator.
Arabov began to open the doors.
something shorted out in the wiring. and...
- Dad.
- Lera. Dad.
I'm right here. Right
here. I'm right here Lera.
Dad.
- Dad. dad.
- Lera!
I became very scared.
I started crying and
couldn't calm down.
Arabov kept trying to open
the door. and I cried and cried.
I was hoping for a miracle.
- Lera!
- Dad. Dad. Dad.
- Dad. Dad.
- Lera.
Dad.
And then what?
Haven't you reconciled yet?
We didn't even talk.
Arabov flew away
and never returned.
Well. now you can
talk through this bear.
To her.
Only one-way communication.
When he wants. then we'll talk.
It probably just
broke when it fell.
Okay. got some rest.
Need to go.
Outside. everything collapsed.
We won't get out of here.
- Lera? - Ah?
- There's another way out.
Let's go to.
I don't know
where we are at all.
- Lera.
- Yegor?
Yegor?
Don't run away from me.
Lera.
Yegor.
Why are you running
away from me. Yegor?
- Lera?
- What?
Is it behind us?
Go.
Probably just broke.
And another one broke.
Give me a hand.
Nonsense.
Yegor. Yegor.
Yegor.
Green. Gotta go
green. Dad told me.
Yegor. wait. Don't
run away from me.
Don't run away from
me. please. Yegor.
Here.
Yegor.
You said that your dad
can connect to everything.
What if the bear doesn't work?
And he is now connected
to the traffic lights.
and so shows us the way?
The transition time
ends. Hurry up.
We'll check it out now. okay?
See?
Behind me!
You can move on.
You know. Mira. it was a
good idea with traffic lights.
My calculations showed that assistance
in escorting Lera to a safe place.
this is the shortest
way to convince you
leave the emergency station.
Well. I convinced you.
Let's show them the way.
Look class!
Mira. turn on the horse.
Found another one.
Yegor.
I'm here.
Let's go here.
Yo. that's cool.
Arabov are now crazy
about themselves. I guess.
Why do you call him Arabov?
Well. what should
I call him? Peterov?
But it's kind of a
shame. he's your dad.
- Are you his lawyer?
- Who? - Let's go.
Mira. now turn those lamps on.
I don't know who a lawyer
is. but your dad is a big man.
Listen.
So. who are we?
Connect.
Who is this?
And here is Arabov himself.
Well. that's how I imagined him.
Give me your hand. comedian.
Okay. get your escape pod ready.
Hold. hold. hold.
We arrived?
They arrived.
Let's go down there.
Flight engineer Arabov.
The readiness of the rescue
capsule is four minutes.
Well. my girl? See you soon.
Mira. I'm ready.
Disable everything here.
Class.
Let's go faster. otherwise
they'll fly away without us.
They won't fly
without us. Yegor.
Don't run away from me. Yegor.
Yegor.
Postpone shutdown.
Mira. what is it? Analysis.
There was a detonation of a small
tank at the stern of a transatlantic tanker
in the Golden Horn Bay.
Yegor?
Yegor.
How are you? How are
you? Hey how are you?
- Fine.
- A? Well done.
Well done.
Fire ships were also
destroyed by the explosion.
And the forces of the Ministry
of Emergency Situations.
which carried out the
extinguishing of the tanker.
So. analyze the dynamics
of the spread of fire.
the probability of the
second explosion. Fast.
Come here. Go.
Attention. Emergency situation.
Evacuation in
progress... Be patient.
- What about him?
- Head.
Head? You need to go to the
hospital. Let's go. let's go. let's go.
Help. please.
Please help the child.
Give pass.
- Listen. please.
- Oksana.
- Help the child. please.
- Take the child from me.
- My good.
- Girl. do you see what's going on here?
Please wait.
I'm going. I'm going.
Let's go.
Come with me.
Come on. come on. come on.
Wait! Wait. wait for us please.
Girl no. Stop. Stop. You
can't. You can't. I can't. Close.
- Please.
- Shut up.
Wait? Where?
Hello. Arabova. Come on boy.
- Let's go faster. faster. faster.
- Yegor.
- Lera.
Yegor. I beg you.
don't worry about me.
Lera.
I'll fly on the next
one. on the next one.
Everything is fine.
everything is fine.
Lera!
- Where were you?
- And where were you. huh?
Flight engineer Arabov. the
flight control center is calling you.
Yes. MCC is in touch.
Valera. what's the matter. what's
going on. why are you still at the station?
There's just been an explosion
in the port. right next to the camp.
One of the tanks of the
burning tanker detonated.
I analyzed. If others explode
- demolish half the city.
- What are you doing here?
The tanker is extinguished
by firefighters. not astronauts.
There are no firemen there.
The explosion swept them all
away. So they'll send new ones.
Yes. they will.
Only they can not be in time.
And I have a daughter
there. you know?
Right there.
And tell me. Alexey Lvovich.
can you help her now?
But I can.
How?
I don't know yet.
But I'll think of something.
Valera. I understand you.
I don't approve.
I understand.
Thank you. Alexey Lvovich.
Mira. end of connection.
Detailed analysis of the burning
ship. When will the explosion happen?
I am collecting information.
I remind you that in
23 minutes 37 seconds
our station will enter
the Earth's atmosphere.
Mira. connect me with
Lera. find any device near her.
There will still be rotation.
You just have to wait a little.
How are you?
Fine.
Quality.
I thought the
connection was down.
- Hello. huh?
- Pass the phone to Lera.
And who are you?
Boy. give Lera the phone.
Yes. hello. You
actually call my phone.
See the camera on the pole?
In short. Terentiev Mikhail Vasilievich.
graduate of boarding school No. 14.
registered for petty
hooliganism. Give Lera the phone.
Be kind.
Are you a cop or what?
No. I'm an astronaut. Misha.
I can see everything from
above. you know that. understand?
- Your father?
- Yes.
- Hi Dad.
- Lera. you need to leave.
- Right now.
- What?
- And the helicopter?
- There will be no helicopter.
Do you see the tanker? There was an
explosion recently. Detonated small tank.
Now there is a
fire in the holds.
If the fire gets close
to the main tanks.
the explosion will demolish
half the city. you understand?
Yes. I understood. I'll warn
people then. and you tell...
- Lera. stop.
- Rescuers.
Listen to me.
I calculated everything.
Rescuers are far away.
they won't make it in time.
People won't take
your word for it.
But even if they believe. panic
will begin. you will just lose time.
In general. such ships have
a fire extinguishing system.
I've entered a sailor.
Arabov. you can connect to
everything. so connect to this system.
Lera. I tried. the
old-style system.
There's no remote
control. you know
everything is done by hand. and there
is simply no one there to do it manually.
So Lera. there is
only one way out.
Run and hide as far as possible.
Mira will build a path
to the nearest bunker.
It is safe there.
I will guide you.
Run?
And hide as far as possible?
Well. that is. how did
you do it then. right?
Let's discuss
this later. please.
You said the
rescuers won't make it.
Well. we are here.
Quite near.
So we can activate this
system ourselves. Yes. Misha?
Huh?
Listen.
What?
Have you lost your
mind or something. Lera?
Will you help us?
So you want to go
and put it out yourself?
Did I understand you correctly?
Does that mean I can't
count on your help?
Did I understand correctly?
Lera. what are
you talking about?
You can't look at a lit match.
Do you want to go
through a burning tanker?
Yes. who do you think you
are there. huh? Superhero?
No. I'm not a superhero. I'm a
girl with special needs. remember?
Uh-uh. it was actually a gift.
From grandma.
Lera. Lera.
Crap.
- How do we get on the tanker?
- I thought you were kidding.
Are you kidding?
The doctor said a slight
concussion. Everything will be fine.
Carefully. Hot.
Listen.
Hello.
Sveta. forgive me.
I promised to
help Lera. but... I...
What's wrong with
her. where is she?
I don't know.
How are you... You promised me.
You... Forgive me. Sveta.
I couldn't then and now I can't.
Why did you open the door
yourself? Who are the instructions for?
Lera? Lera?
What were you doing here?
How can I help her now if
then I was so close to her
and still couldn't do anything.
You was right.
She's just a weakling.
Valera. no.
Please don't say that.
I speak as it is.
You... Are you hungry there?
Valera. are you hungry there?
Well. there is litte.
Well. of course. if
you're hungry there...
So this is a guard in general.
You open there for yourself some
astronaut breakfast.
I believe in you.
Do you hear?
If someone can save
our daughter now.
it's only you.
You just stay with her. okay?
Just stay close to her.
Arabova. chore to tremble. huh?
The boat is shaking
because of you.
- Frozen. right?
- Not frozen.
Maybe on the oars?
Okay. I'm kidding.
You will warm up on the tanker.
Terentiev. are
you a human at all?
What are you doing as a joke?
Habit.
Ah. How long have
you had this habit?
With 13.
Then I decided to joke with a
firecracker. the joke came out!
I've been having fun ever since.
I saw burns when we put
Yegor into the helicopter.
Are you ashamed of them?
No. I'm proud of them.
What?
I would be proud.
Yes? But would you be
proud of this ugliness too?
I don't see any ugliness.
I see a person in front of me
who survived the pain. was able
to cope with it and remained a human.
That's why. yes.
I would be proud.
Come on. what.
Well. where next?
In terms of? You were a sailor.
- Ah. So I did not.
- What?
Calm down. we'll figure it out.
Let's go to. You just
have to follow the signs.
On the courts. everything
is usually signed.
Don't slow down. let's go.
Where?
There.
Hold on. Hold on.
Here.
What?
Don't touch anything
here. everything is hot here.
Where?
- Where?
- Here.
Straight up.
I told you not to
touch anything.
Here.
What?
Calm down. calm down. Everything
is fine. Arabov. what are you doing?
Arabov. look at me.
I'll go look for a plan. you
sit with a toy. Understood?
- This is not a toy.
- Yes? Yes.
- It's not a toy.
- Yes Yes Yes.
- It's a baby monitor.
- Dad and I are talking with it.
- With dad on the baby monitor.
- I understood you. she just broke down.
Let's see.
Let's see. let's see.
I love you.
Communication device available.
So. Get in touch
with Lera. quickly.
Lera.
Misha. where is she?
Arabov. Again. I
didn't listen to you.
Now it's not about
that. We'll discuss later.
So yes. There are fires everywhere on your
level. you can't get through here anymore.
You need to go down to the
engine room. this is the only way out.
Look for a hatch in the floor and get
down. Do you hear me? Get down quickly.
So. Luke in the floor.
This?
No Another. Search.
There must be a hatch.
There. Here.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Yes. it.
Get down. quickly.
Your dad is really cool.
But the family is wild.
There along the corridor.
There will be a door.
Faster. Lera. faster. The
walls were almost burned out.
Misha. there is a sealed
door ahead. close it.
On top of the steering
wheel. seal the compartment.
Come on. come on.
Let's go.
Calm down. daughter. You
succeed. Everything is fine.
Yes.
Well done.
- How are you?
- Fine.
See the engines now?
At the end of the
passage is a room.
- Go ahead. Arabova.
- Here.
Come on. come on. come on.
Get down. run forward. Faster.
- Closer. - Where to go?
- Ladder.
Higher.
Higher. higher. higher.
Come on. come on. come on.
On this level. the
second door on the left.
It's here.
Quickly inside.
Get away. get away.
Great. you are right there.
So. now the control panel.
Yes. everything seems
to be simple here.
Stop. Lera. there's
something wrong here.
Damn. that means
the power went out.
Misha. you have to do it
manually. There's a manual
compartment at the end
of the room. do you hear?
Stay here. I'm right now.
Misha. just don't come in right
away. check the temperature.
Lera. Lera. reception.
Lera. Lera.
Misha! Misha. Misha. Misha!
Dad! Dad!
Quiet. quiet. quiet. Calm down.
Now. now I'll think of something.
Lera. reception.
Mira. what's the matter?
Contact with the batteries in the
laboratory compartment has been lost.
- The system is in hibernation mode.
- Just not now.
Not now. Mira.
Turn off everything you
can. All life support systems.
Just give me back the link.
Power is not enough.
Dear. dear. I need a connection
with Lera. you understand?
Need. need.
otherwise it's pointless.
Establishing a connection is possible
only when a search system is connected
to the station's
active power source.
What? What is another
active source of energy?
The power supply of the central
data storage of the voice assistant.
Mira. so use urgently. huh?
Mira.
Arabov flight engineer.
Unlike a human. I
can't turn myself off.
You will have to perform
this action manually.
Do you know why
your name is Mira?
My full name is the voice
assistant of personnel
orbital station 'MIR A'.
Mira is a double star.
One big strong another small but
very bright.
The little one
covers the big one.
The big one
protects the little one.
And without each other. their
existence will simply lose its meaning.
A beautiful metaphor.
I wonder who invented it?
Huh?
It was a rhetorical question.
Farewell. flight
engineer Arabov.
Farewell. Mira.
Dad. dad. please. dad.
Lera. Lera. Lera. calm down.
Why didn't you answer me?
Calm down. what about Misha?
He is unconscious.
Dad. everything
exploded here. see?
Lera. I see
everything. All. Now.
- I can't...
- Quiet. quiet.
Now. dear. now.
Now.
So.
Come on. come on.
Yes.
Dad. Dad.
- Lera.
- What?
Take my hand.
Well. I think Misha
won't mind. Take it.
Here.
You really can connect
to everything. right?
Fragments of a meteorite hit the station.
In a few minutes. she will leave orbit.
I... I don't understand what's
going to de-orbit. and...
Dad. Dad. dad. are you falling?
To her.
No. No no no. There must be some way
out. you hear. there must be some way out.
- There is a way out for you. Lera.
- Please no.
Quiet. quiet. quiet.
Well. don't freak out.
Valera. Valera. you have
to help me. do you understand?
- How can I help you. dad?
- Help me help you.
I then at the elevator.
I couldn't. I
destroyed everything.
- You didn't destroy anything.
- No. no. wait. I. I...
I shouldn't have let
you go alone. you know?
- Pap.
- Doors.
I shouldn't have touched them. I shouldn't
have. I just couldn't have you there
Understand?
Please forgive me.
You are not guilty of
anything. do you hear?
I have nothing
to forgive you for.
You are not guilty of anything.
I just miss you so much. dad.
I miss you very much.
I miss you too.
I miss you so much. Lera.
I miss you very much.
Papa.
Come on. daughter.
Come on. you have to live.
Just go and do it.
You will succeed. you can.
I can not. It's
all on fire. dad.
Look. you see. there? Box?
He's wearing a fireproof suit.
Put on. and I'll be there.
Okay. dad.
No no no no.
Dad. dad. I can't.
Lera. you can. You can.
I'm sorry. no. no. no.
You can.
Please. I'm sorry. no.
Night on the doorstep.
Light road.
Beckons on the road.
There. where loved.
Where they loved.
There... There. where forgotten.
There. where you
didn't wait. There...
There. nowhere.
Nowhere.
Beckons on the
road. do not turn off.
- I'll come...
- Someday.
Someday there...
Can you get up?
Let's go.
Seaside.
We observe a cloud of burning wreckage
of the station. How did you receive it?
I did it. dad. I could.
Received the 25th. Keep watching
report the coordinates of the fall
of debris. How did you understand?
I'll fly away from the eagle. I
won't catch up with two wings.
And I'm only afraid of tears.
At night the rain and grew...
And this is Misha.
We are with him.
And I understood.
Are you okay?
How is he?
Yes. young man. Will
be playing football soon.
It worked.
What?
What worked?
The star fell again
and I managed to make a wish.
And it worked.
And what did you guess?
I guessed for you to come back.
Tanya. take it away. Tanya.
I ask you to take it away.
Rum. well. don't resist. don't
resist. Musya's way is like.
trample on. you will
immediately feel better.
I'll throw it out eventually.
Well. everything. everything.
Leave. leave. It seems to have eased.
Go.
Well. Arabova? Bath?
From me to god long road.
Long way. mean sadness.
There will be a day
when I will return.
Where they didn't
expect Where in sorrow.
Where you forgot
Where you loved...
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today